README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
# Pokedéx: 🐛 🦎 🐾
- Full Pokedéx project - Microverse

## Acces link
> https://vitorguedesmadeira.github.io/Capstone-Javascript/dist/

## Tech ⌘⇧
- **HTML & CSS best practices:** Correct use of tags, elements, properties and syntax.
- **Gitflow:**  Correct use of Branches for deployment and features development.
- **Webpack:**  Source development for production bundling.
- **Linters Check:** Local and Pull Request Github workflows to check for stylistic errors, bugs and syntax errors in code.

## Quick view
Insert Screenshot Here

## Setup

- Use the following link for "$ git clone" the repo:
https://github.com/Vitor-Guedes-Madeira/Capstone-Javascript
- cd Leaderboard
- "npm install" to install all the dependencies
- "npm start" to run the live version locally
- "code ." To open the project on your local editor

- Please click on the "acess link" so you can view the live demo
- You can use the input button for inserting new User/Scores
- Click on the "refresh" button so you can show all the new user/scores

## Authors

👤 **Raul A Ospina** 🧑🏻‍💻
- GitHub: [@raminka13](https://github.com/raminka13)
- Twitter: [@raminka13](https://twitter.com/raminka13)
- LinkedIn: [Raul Ospina](http://linkedin.com/in/raul-ospina-83232614)

👤 **Vitor Guedes Madeira**
- GitHub: [@vitorguedesmadeira](https://github.com/VitorGuedesMadeira)
- Twitter: [@CDahguedes](https://twitter.com/CDahguedes)
- LinkedIn: (https://www.linkedin.com/in/v%C3%ADtor-guedes-madeira-1691aa15a/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.

Commit message:

Add video and image to read me file

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
# Pokedéx: 🐛 🦎 🐾
- Full Pokedéx project - Microverse

## Acces link
> https://vitorguedesmadeira.github.io/Capstone-Javascript/dist/

## Tech ⌘⇧
- **HTML & CSS best practices:** Correct use of tags, elements, properties and syntax.
- **Gitflow:**  Correct use of Branches for deployment and features development.
- **Webpack:**  Source development for production bundling.
- **Linters Check:** Local and Pull Request Github workflows to check for stylistic errors, bugs and syntax errors in code.

## Quick view
![](./src/images/quickView.png)

## Live demo
click here to see the [live demo](https://vitorguedesmadeira.github.io/Capstone-Javascript/dist/)

## Project description video
[link](https://youtu.be/zLjGvqVCOUI)

## Setup

- Use the following link for "$ git clone" the repo:
https://github.com/Vitor-Guedes-Madeira/Capstone-Javascript
- cd Leaderboard
- "npm install" to install all the dependencies
- "npm start" to run the live version locally
- "code ." To open the project on your local editor

- Please click on the "acess link" so you can view the live demo
- You can use the input button for inserting new User/Scores
- Click on the "refresh" button so you can show all the new user/scores

## Authors

👤 **Raul A Ospina** 🧑🏻‍💻
- GitHub: [@raminka13](https://github.com/raminka13)
- Twitter: [@raminka13](https://twitter.com/raminka13)
- LinkedIn: [Raul Ospina](http://linkedin.com/in/raul-ospina-83232614)

👤 **Vitor Guedes Madeira**
- GitHub: [@vitorguedesmadeira](https://github.com/VitorGuedesMadeira)
- Twitter: [@CDahguedes](https://twitter.com/CDahguedes)
- LinkedIn: (https://www.linkedin.com/in/v%C3%ADtor-guedes-madeira-1691aa15a/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.
